tezza is a very creative company they
asked after-school all-stars what do you
guys need help with what do you need
funded that nobody else will fund and we
came to them with this idea of creating
a TED style conference we're here thanks
to tezza and there's a lot of great
things happening here this group is
purposely small we designed this this
whole retreat meeting to be very small
and intimate the title of my
presentations call awakening their
passions and dreams so you want to work
here tell me why life service action
emergency procedures and after-school
all-stars programming what's gonna be
the driving force that's gonna make our
program successful this year we wanted
to gather a small group of our real
leaders in the network who are doing
innovative things with programming and
those are the people that are here
presenting with us today in TED talk
style format and then we have some
interactive discussion groups to get
them together when we're talking about
enrichment the potential impact on a
student's life can be huge our students
are getting a full meal every day they
get a hot meal once once a week and all
other four days it's a cold meal what we
do in las vegas is we've created a few
all girl thinks girls empowerment i have
law students to gun violence cuz the
culture still remains in the middle
school system what are the skills that a
kid needs that drives them to want to
acquire the skid the hard skills like
math algebra you know literacy one of
our school was in a parking lot
literally of a shopping center how do
you measure success like for some kids
it's not gonna be finishing school for
some kids is gonna be surviving the
streets period tomorrow going to Stuart
Hopsin middle school and we're gonna be
doing four different activities with the
kids in our after-school program
sometimes we might have to achieve
something as a collective as a team as a
group and the same ways you would do
that on the court are the ways that you
do it off the court
well idea was to have the Valentine's
Day dance and it would be called from
Stuart Hopsin with love remember there's
a movie like you know how they good yeah
for every single one of the people I've
seen here interacting and taking part
this is more than just a job it's
something they really believe in and
that's pretty inspirational I can see as
a group of leaders that you know you are
very blessed with with people who are
able to motivate the people who work
with them and I can see from that why
this is such a successful program